Improve abstracts in Integrating Provisioning Infrastructure Services (#4779)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_sharing-the-dhcp-configuration-files-and-lease-database-over-nfs.adoc

= Sharing the DHCP configuration files and lease database over NFS

[role="_abstract"]

> To integrate a remote ISC DHCP server, you must share its configuration and lease database over NFS.

Reviewer: Define abbreviation - NFS

Author: ```suggestion
To integrate a remote ISC DHCP server, you must share its configuration and lease database over the Network File System (NFS).
```

> Only then can {Project} access configuration settings, such as subnet definitions, and lease information that is not available over the ISC DHCP Object Management Application Programming Interface (OMAPI).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Afterwards, {Project} can access configuration settings, such as subnet definitions, and lease information that is not available over the ISC DHCP Object Management Application Programming Interface (OMAPI).
```

Author: While I like how your version reads, I think it loses the sense that Foreman cannot access them without it.

= Sharing the DHCP configuration files and lease database over NFS

[role="_abstract"]
To integrate a remote ISC DHCP server, you must share its configuration and lease database over NFS.

> Only then can {Project} access configuration settings, such as subnet definitions, and lease information that is not available over the ISC DHCP Object Management Application Programming Interface (OMAPI).

Author: ```suggestion
Only then can {Project} access configuration settings, such as subnet definitions, and lease information that is not available over the ISC DHCP Object Management Application Programming Interface (OMAPI).

For example, you can use the NFS service.
```
